# TheGamingRoom

The Gaming Room is the owner and operator of an android gaming application and came to us to help them design a solution that would allow their application to be accessible accross platforms and secure. This design document is an analysis of the requirements and implementation that a solution would entail and recommendations as to what they should be looking for.
The thing I did well in designing this document is my research into which solution would best serve the client. I learned a lot while looking around for a good solution that would serve the client and its users.
Working through the design document while developing this solution ultimately helped me with understanding the direction of the developement process and breaking the application into modular components that could be easily understood and implemented.
If I could choose one component to revise it would be the development tools section. I could have found more specific tools to help developement of an operating platform for the client. 
The user's requirements from a software design perspective were implemented using a singleton design pattern and a simple dropwizard jersey authentication module to prototype user authentication and security for there platform. It is always important to consider how the users will need to use the application because we need to configure the access rights and resources that are available to each admin or user class.
I enjoyed learning how to use the singletond design pattern and have already come up with many uses for how it can be used to develope safer and more consistent applications. Using the server client architecture model has also taught me a lot more about how to actually deploy applications that can be used by many clients accross a network.
